# Classes & ToString
This project was one of the first assignments for my C# programming class (BCS-426-Lab2) at Farmingdale State College. The goal of this assignment was for students to further explore C# and ASP.NET, so we were prompted to generate specified objects with random data and print them with a ToString override. 
My program defines two classes, "Document" and "Employee", and uses them in the "Main" method of the "Program" class.
The "Document" class has three private fields: "name", "numberOfPages", and "createdOn". It has a constructor that takes two arguments, "newName" and "newNum", and initializes the fields "name" and "numberOfPages" with these values. It also initializes the "createdOn" field with the current date and time using the "DateTime.Now" method. The class also overrides the "ToString" method to return a string representation of a "Document" object that includes the values of its fields.
The "Employee" class has three fields: "firstName", "lastName", and "iD". The "iD" field is marked as "readonly", meaning it can only be set once in the constructor. The class also has a "static" field "nextAvailableID" that is incremented every time a new "Employee" object is created. The class has a static constructor that initializes the "nextAvailableID" field with a random value between 1 and 9999. The "Employee" class also overrides the "ToString" method to return a string representation of an "Employee" object that includes the values of its fields.
The "Main" method of the "Program" class creates two "Document" objects and four "Employee" objects using their respective constructors, and then prints out their string representations using the "Console.WriteLine" method. The code also includes a commented-out line that attempts to change the value of the "createdOn" field of a "Document" object, but this fails because the "createdOn" field is marked as "readonly". Finally, the code waits for user input before ending the program.
